# Assessment Summary
- 2:30 timeframe
- All code based
- Given instructions, be able to build out a React-based front-end application
  - Be able to define class- and function-based Components
  - Use BrowserRouter to allow for Routes in your app
  - Create Routes to render components at specific paths
  - Use Switch components to limit the Routes that are rendered
  - Create Links and NavLinks to direct the user to those paths
  - Pass props from parent components directly to child components
  - Create Context to be able to interact with a global state
  - Create a Provider to wrap the components of your application that may need this access
  - Create Consumer wrapper components to be able to give access to context
  - Be able to use the connected components to update your context
- Resources available during the assessment:
  * [React Router documentation](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web)
  * [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
  * [Mozilla Developer Network](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web)
  * Any of your previous projects or assessments

# Week 14 Learning Objectives - React

## Basic React Learning Objectives
1. Explain how React uses a tree data structure called the "virtual DOM" to model the DOM
2. Show how to use `React.createElement` to create virtual DOM nodes
3. Use `React.createElement` to create nodes that represent HTML tags
4. Use `React.createElement` to create elements based on components
5. Use `ReactDOM.render` to have React render your virtual DOM nodes into the actual Web page
6. Use `ReactDOM.render` to update existing DOM
7. Use the second argument to `React.createElement` to pass data to your components through the conventionally-named `props` argument
8. Use the second argument of `React.createElement` to specify attributes to render on actual DOM nodes
9. Use `Array#map` to create an array of virtual DOM nodes while specifying a unique key for each created virtual DOM node

## React Class Components
1. Create a simple React application by removing items and content from a project generated by the Create React App default template
2. Create a simple React application using a custom Create React App template
3. Create a React component using ES2015 class syntax
4. Understand when it's appropriate to use a class component
5. Initialize and update state within a class component
6. Provide default values for a class component's props
7. Add event listeners to elements
8. Prevent event default behavior
9. Safely use the `this` keyword within event handlers
10. Understand what the React `SyntheticEvent` object is and the role it plays in handling events
11. Create a React class component containing a simple form
12. Define a single event handler method to handle `onChange` events for multiple <input> elements
13. Add a <textarea> element to a form
14. Add a <select> element to a form
15. Implement form validations
16. Understand the lifecycle of a React component
17. Recall that the commonly used component lifecycle methods include `componentDidMount`, `componentDidUpdate`, and `componentWillUnmount`
18. Use the `componentDidMount` component lifecycle method to fetch data from an API

## React Router Objectives
1. Use <BrowserRouter> to provide your application access to the `react-router-dom` library.
2. Use <Route> to connect specific URL paths to specific components you want rendered.
3. Use <Switch> to wrap several Route elements, rendering only one even if several match the current URL.
4. Use React Router's `match` prop to access route path parameters.
5. Use <Link> or <NavLink> to create links with absolute paths to routes in your application (like `/users/1`).
6. Use <Redirect> to redirect a user to another path (i.e. a login page when the user is not logged in).
7. Use React Router's `history` prop to update a browser's URL programmatically.
8. Understand what nested routes are.
9. Be able to use React Router to create and navigate nested routes.
10. Know how to use the React Router `match` prop to generate links and routes.

## React Builds Objectives
1. Understand what front-end builds are and why they're needed.
2. Describe at a high level what happens in a Create React App when you run `npm start`.
3. Prepare to deploy a React application into a production environment.

## React Context Objectives
1. Use React Context to pass down global information.
2. Create a Provider wrapper component to set a default context.
3. Create a Consumer wrapper component to allow child components to subscribe to a global context.
4. Use the `static contextType` property to access the global context.
5. Update the global context from a nested component.
